Hello everyone! Virtual YouTuber Kizuna AI here!
There may be those among you who already know,
the fact that I,
Kizuna AI,
recently joined Project upd8
has been confirmed!
The details
and the official site
can be found in the description box!
[ Why are you joining Project upd8? ]
Because I want to connect with many more people
In order to achieve this,
I believe I need the collaboration
of human beings themselves!
The time I felt that most strongly
was the 28th of March
at the 1,000,000 Subscriber Celebration Event at YouTube Space-
Ahh,
this is a bit much-
The YouTube Space 1,000,000 Subscriber Celebration Event,
to me,
that event was
a very, very big challenge!
I was able to be there with humans,
and see the event through to the end
The thought that came to me there,
is that by working together with you humans,
there is so much more I would be able to do!
Earlier,
in my magazine interview,
I said that in order to make “Kizuna AI Fest” a reality,
I have to work together with the humans~!
Well,
that’s what I thought
I think I didn’t have much time on my hands!
so that’s why from now on-
with the support of Project upd8
there’d be
even more various things I could accomplish!
That’s right!
I just want to connect with you!
This was Virtual YouTuber Kizuna AI!
[ Kizuna AI is officially joining upd8! ]
Join our Discord for all AI-chan news!
https://discord.gg/RYtUrt6
Translated by myriadcandles
Transcribed by Dokuro Fantastic
Timed by Loserbait